16th step assembly of the structure
for that we will need it
2 internships in the eight prospective platelet trade
we have four crossings
which are a little bit wider than
the four crossings
we will also need m
profile number 2
that is to say, who was going to pocket
to start we will take the crossings
and we go
the crusaders with the profile of the roads thanks to the close sums
the four sides of our profile are not all it's equivalent there are
two sides then la rochelle
which presents all the hollows
that we are going to cross at feet
then there are 2
those with bumps
that we have crossed with the more crossings
assembled the heart of our life
we are going now
take profile number one
so profiling the pose on the work plan putting the pretty side against
the work plan so that we are left with him
landmarks
2 I'm happy superimpose of the Colombian structure of the assembly
by doing well to superimpose hollows and bumps
we will gather this structure for profile
thanks to pieces of gummed kraft
so we go it is used
this piece of skull gomis
help them through
so for that it is very important of the century to position the cross at
level of the mark as we drew earlier
on england the next issue
once he has crossed
at the benchmark and that she was not good enough
for pro or too low
in addition to bulk mail
two pieces of crabos
the other floor of the crossing
criticize this operation for each
eight crossings
so we say it so well and we mark many other languages ​​ready through
well
frog at most
for once they can cross
we can therefore go hunting harrier
there we will repeat the same operation by taking the profile number
3 so we place it on the worktop the pretty side against the
table and takes super buddy away our structure
always the same we went well
chain assembly
the sleepers are well positioned at the markers
the advantage of having taken its bearings it makes it possible to be sure of having
bushings
it's niculae perfumes
we were only at each crossing two pieces of skull
this is our
structure
so last step we will strengthen the structure at the level of
profile august number
so we will go beyond
iron lady through
and we will support him asleep at each intersection
-each crosses and profile numbered
do I have general winter through cross
according to master between two of the four Greek tracks
Everytime
assembling these shots gap
the next step will be dressing up the indoor murder space a bit
all over